Update docs with slot predicate validation (#12842)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/concepts/flows.mdx

  scope: "flow"
```

> #### Slot value validation

Reviewer: I think we refer to this concept like this throughout the docs
```suggestion
#### Slot validation
```

> You can now write slot value validation directly in your flow yaml file without the need to use custom actions.
> Add a `rejections` property to your `collect_information` step to define the validation rules.

Reviewer: I think the first sentence is written from the POV of an existing rasa user; instead we should write it from the POV of a new user that doesn't know about custom actions. I don't think it adds much to mention actions here (and could confuse people).
```suggestion
You can define slot validation rules directly in your flow yaml file by adding a `rejections` property under
any `collect_information` step.
```

> The `rejections` section is a list of mappings, where each mapping has an `if` and an `utter` property:

Reviewer: if they're both required I would mention it here

- the `if` property is a condition written in natural language that is evaluated using the
[pypred](https://github.com/armon/pypred) library.

> - the `utter` property is the name of the response the assistant will send if the condition evaluates to `True`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the `utter` property is the name of the [response](./responses.mdx) the assistant will send if the condition evaluates to `True`.
```

Here is an example:

> ```yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rasa-yaml title="flows.yml"
```

flows:
  verify_eligibility:
    description: This flow verifies if the user is eligible for creating an account.
    name: verify eligibility
    steps:
      - id: "ask_age"
        collect: "age"
        rejections:
          - if: age < 1
            utter: utter_invalid_age
          - if: age < 13

>             utter: utter_age_at_least_13

Reviewer: nit: maybe something like 18 would be more realistic

        next: "ask_email"
```

> Upon every validation failure, the assistant will again make another attempt to collect the information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon every validation failure, the assistant will automatically make another attempt to collect the information.
```

> This will be repeated until none of the rejection conditions pass. Once all rejections have evaluated to `False`, the

Reviewer: I am not sure what you mean by `this` here. Can you explain what is repeated exactly?

Author: The bot re-asking the `utter_ask` response in order to collect the information. I'll make it more explicit.

assistant moves on to the `next` step with the collected value.

> If the predicate defined in the `if` property is invalid or missing, the assistant will log an error and respond with the

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused here. For me there are 3 error cases:
- `if` property missing -> should be detected in `rasa data validate` + runtime error as failsafe using `utter_internal_error_rasa`
- `if` property defines an invalid predicate -> should be detected in `rasa data validate` + runtime error as failsafe using `utter_internal_error_rasa`
- the execution of the predicates raises an error -> runtime error that uses `utter_internal_error_rasa`

Does it work this way?

Author: > `if` property missing

I meant if it's explicitly coded as `null` / None in the yaml file. The schema for the yaml format should catch an `if` required property that is missing.
The error cases you listed are correct.

`utter_internal_error_rasa` response which by default is
`Sorry, I'm having trouble understanding you right now. Please try again later.`. However, you can customize this in

> your domain file. We recommend using end-to-end testing to ensure that your flows work as expected.

Reviewer: usually we give an example of how this customisation looks like. Wondering if it makes sense here or if it makes the page look too complicated. Thoughts?

Author: Hmm, tbh I should try it out first as well, haven't yet tested adding this response in the domain file with a different text. Not sure what happens when the default flows are merged (that's where this response resides in OSS).

Author: Confirming that I tested the customization of the `utter_internal_error_rasa` and it worked fine, the overridden new response is displayed in the chat. There's a UserWarning displayed during training that duplicate responses were found for `utter_internal_error_rasa`, but training completes successfully.
I think adding an example for overriding the response would clutter the section, i can just say add a response `utter_internal_error_rasa` to your domain file with your custom text.
